README.md, before:

# hangman
This is for demonstrations of pseudocode using HTML / CSS / JavaScript

# To Run:
Either:
1. Open up a browser like Chrome, Firefox, IE, Edge, Opera, etc and drag the `index.html` file on top of the browser window.
2. Double click the `index.html` file and the default browser will automatically open it.
3. Python 3: `python -m http.server --directory .`

# Further Learning
* [freeCodeCamp - HTML / CSS / JavaScript](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/)
* [Derek Banas - Learn to Program with Python](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGLfVvz_LVvTn3cK5e6LjhgGiSeVlIRwt)

# Credits
* [Original Inspiration Code by Cathy Dutton - CodePen](https://codepen.io/cathydutton/pen/ldazc)
* [Python Text Hangman from PythonForBeginners](https://www.pythonforbeginners.com/code-snippets-source-code/game-hangman)
* [Bootstrap 4 - Nav Bar Template](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/examples/blog/)
* [Bootstrap 4 - Sticky Footer Template](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/examples/sticky-footer-navbar/)
* [draw.io to create the stick figure](https://draw.io)
* [SVG Edit on GitHub](https://github.com/SVG-Edit/svgedit)
* [IMDB top 100 Movies from 2010-2019](https://www.imdb.com/list/ls021078225/)

Commit message:

funny how even after so long and I look back, I still don't understand why i made the decisions I did. at least now reading through the project again I can understand and augment the readme, lol

README.md, after:

# hangman
This is for demonstrations of pseudocode using HTML / CSS / JavaScript

# To Run:
Either:
1. Open up a browser like Chrome, Firefox, IE, Edge, Opera, etc and drag the `index.html` file on top of the browser window.
2. Double click the `index.html` file and the default browser will automatically open it.
3. Python 3: `python -m http.server --directory .`

# For developers
- Q: Why include all of the Bootstrap and jQuery source?
    - A: If the demonstration machine is internet connected then that would be fine--but if the demonstration machine is offline, then you'd be cooked.

# For presenters
1. Prime your students to describe the gang of hangman up until the pseudocode.txt.
    - Depending on your audience, this may be as far as you get or need to go.
2. Once you've reached the psuedocode.txt, you have to get the idea across that in code *everything* must be definied, even the letters of the alphabet. Not everything just "exists" out there ready to be used. It must either be defined or imported from somewhere else.
    - Depending on your goals, if you want to illustrate debugging, this would be the time to do it, rather than doing it with the real JavaScript.
3. Depending on your goals, if you're trying to teach HTML / CSS / JS you'll have to walk through each component bit by bit.
    - if your goal is to demonstrate that by getting a complete pseudocode you're already 80% there and the rest is a language implementation detail, then you can present the `main.js` file and demonstrate that the pseudocode matches up with the programming language, and anything extra was to "make the code work", rather than "make the logic work"


# Further Learning
* [freeCodeCamp - HTML / CSS / JavaScript](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/)
* [Derek Banas - Learn to Program with Python](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGLfVvz_LVvTn3cK5e6LjhgGiSeVlIRwt)

# Credits
* [Original Inspiration Code by Cathy Dutton - CodePen](https://codepen.io/cathydutton/pen/ldazc)
* [Python Text Hangman from PythonForBeginners](https://www.pythonforbeginners.com/code-snippets-source-code/game-hangman)
* [Bootstrap 4 - Nav Bar Template](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/examples/blog/)
* [Bootstrap 4 - Sticky Footer Template](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/examples/sticky-footer-navbar/)
* [draw.io to create the stick figure](https://draw.io)
* [SVG Edit on GitHub](https://github.com/SVG-Edit/svgedit)
* [IMDB top 100 Movies from 2010-2019](https://www.imdb.com/list/ls021078225/)
